Mysteries/Principia/2 Hilos: Mystery of Threads.md, before:

# Hilos: Mystery of Threads

This Mystery of threads teaches us that freedom is too an illusion: 
everything is conected and relative to another, and the mutual bondage between all things 
creates the framework that allows objective reality both to stabilize and change. 

An Initiate can sense the invisible sympathies connecting all things. 
With the proper rites, the connections can be tightened or loosened, invisibly affecting the 
relationships between things.


## Move: Sense the Thread

When you __sense two distinct things and focus__, you can feel how strong their connection is. 
The MC tells you if one or both of them has a magical sympathy towards the other. 


## Move: Bind the Thread

When you __have a thing with magical sympathy towards another thing__, and use a _binding rite_ 
to bring them closer, __roll +Hilos__. __On a 10+__, choose two. __On a 7+__, choose only one.

* You pass the sympathy to another thing used in your rite.
* You know where to go or what to do to reach the other thing.
* The other thing knows or feels something of your choice about this sympathy.
* The next Magic you use on this thing, happens to the other thing too.
* You glimpse the other thing as it exists now.

__On a miss__, choose one anyways but something goes wrong, mark experiencie.

### Binding Rites

The following are common binding rites:

- Burn or break the thing that houses a magical sympathetic.
- Tie, weave, braid, mix or knot a thread around the thing.
- Inscribe the thing with magical symbols.
- Place the thing in bondage or enclose it with magical geometry.
- Utter the sacred name that defines the other thing.

Commit message:

Update 2 Hilos: Mystery of Threads.md

Mysteries/Principia/2 Hilos: Mystery of Threads.md, after:

# Hilos: Mystery of Threads

This Mystery of threads teaches us that freedom is too an illusion: 
everything is conected and relative to another, and the mutual bondage between all things 
creates the framework that allows objective reality both to stabilize and change. 

An Initiate can sense the invisible sympathies connecting all things. 
With the proper rites, the connections can be tightened or loosened, invisibly affecting the 
relationships between things.

### Magical Sympathy

Using this Mystery usually requires magical sympathy with another thing. 
This sympathy exists only between things that satisfy at least one of the following:

- They are in physical contact right now.
- They have a strong emotional relationship or blood bond.
- One thing was part of the other thing for a long time.
- They are bound together by a supernatural power.


## Move: Sense the Thread

When you __sense two distinct things and focus__, you can feel how strong their connection is. 
The MC tells you if one or both of them has a _magical sympathy_ towards the other. 


## Move: Bind the Thread

When you __have a thing with magical sympathy towards another thing__, and use a _binding rite_ 
to bring them closer, __roll +Hilos__. __On a 10+__, choose one or two. __On a 7+__, choose only one.

* You pass the sympathy to another thing used in your rite.
* You know where to go or what to do to reach the other thing.
* The other thing knows or feels something of your choice about this sympathy.
* The next Magic you use on this thing, happens to the other thing too.
* You glimpse the other thing as it exists now.

__On a miss__, choose one anyways but something goes wrong, __mark experience__.

### Binding Rites

The following are common binding rites:

- Burn or break the thing that houses a magical sympathetic.
- Tie, weave, braid, mix or knot a thread around the thing.
- Inscribe the thing with magical symbols.
- Place the thing in bondage or enclose it with magical geometry.
- Utter the sacred name that defines the other thing.
